How to great the interviewer?
A: Thank you for asking i'm doing well.i'm excited to be here today for this interview and to learn moreabout the oppertunity.

Phone Interview: Am i speaking with Yamini Muthyala?
A: Yes, This is Yamini Muthyala.May i know who is on the other side?
A: Yes, you are speaking with Yamini Muthyala.May i ask who i am speaking with?
A: Yes, This is Yamini Muthyala speaking.How may i assist you?

Where do you see yourself in the next 5 years?
A: I see myself in a position where i have developed my skills and expertise in my current filed. In the next 5 years,
    i'm hoping to have made a significant contribution to your organization sucess.
A: I think i would aim to take on more responsibilites than im taking in today and possibly assume a leadership role with in the comapny.
    Depending on the opportunities that arise.
A: I plan to create learning and growing, possibly by pursuing additional certifications or advanced degrees to stay updated in my field.
    Additionally,my goal is to be a valuable asset to my team and my company.That's all.

How are you?
A: Thank you for asking,i'm doing well im excited to here today for this interview and to learn more about the oppertunity.
A: I'm doing great, thank you.I hope you have a good day as well.I'm looking forward to our Conversation.

Why did you leave your previous company?
A: I left to pursue opportunities for growth that didn't exist in my previous company.When i read the job description of this company 
   i got really excited because this role has exactly the kind of challenges i am looking for in my next position.
A: I'm looking for opportunities that align with my skilsand faster a positive environment.

Why do you want to work with us?
A: I have researched about this company and i know that the company's(Role)ABC projects and future projects are very succesful and promising.
     I would love to bring in my expertise and help you in your upcoming projects.

What is your biggest weakness?
A: My biggest weakness is that at time i overburned myself with work however,I have consciously worked on this by prioritized what is most important
   and working according to that.
A: I'm enhancing my time management skills to be more efficient.

Why should we hire you?
A: I have a flexible approch to problem-Solving and i am proactive in finding innovation solutions. I take ownership of my work & I am commited to delivering
   result that benefits the team and organization.

How to convey that you "missed interviw call" to HR?
A: Hi, I just got a call from this number may i know who is this?
   1.I sincerely apologize for missing the scheduled interveiw all earlier today. I understand the impotance of punctuality and i deeply regreat any 
       inconvence this may have caused. 
   2.I'm so sorry for not picking up the call yesterday but i'm still intrested in this interview. I would like to express my commitment in rescheduling
        the interview ay your convenience. Let me know what youthink about it.

Do you have any questions for me?
A: What are the goal the company has for the next year?
A: How many people are om the team I'D be part of?
A: What are your expectations from a new hire for this position?
A: How does the company supports employmrnt growth?
                        Ques about the compant
A: How would you describe the companys culture?
A: what kind of growth does the company expext to see with in the next five years?
A: can you describe some of the company's recent challenges and achivements?
                        Queues about the next step
A: I have really enjoying learning more about this opportunity.what are the next steps in the hirring process?
A: Thank you for explaining the role to me in such depth.when might i hear back from youregarding a decision?

What's your current salary?
A: I'm seeking opportunities that offer competitive pay.






